Good morning ladies and gentlemen. I`m glad that so many of you could come, especially since I know that this time of year is probably the busiest for you.
	Let me just start by introducing myself. My name is Vitalii Yurchenko. I was born on 24.08.2000 in Rivne.
As some of you know, I’m the student of Lviv National Polytechnic University. Our University have a large opportunity in different research and what I’d like to present to you today is Radio Engineering and Electronics. My talk is particularly relevant to those of us who want to know more about this sphere of science.
	The aim of this presentation is to convince you that radio engeneering is a perfect place to start your research.
	In my presentation I’ll focus in three major issues:
Electronics;
Radio Communication;
Microelectronics.
My presentation will take about 10 minutes and let’s start.
I can email the PowerPoint presentation to anybody who wants it.
There will be time for questions after my presentation.	In this part of presentation, I’d like to tell you about Electronics.
Electronics, field of engineering and applied physics deals with research, design, integration and application of devices, usually electronic circuits, the operation of which depends on the flow of electrons for the generation, transmission, reception, processing and storage of information. 
Prior to the 1960s, circuits consisted of separate electronic devices – resistors, capacitors, inductors, and vacuum tubes – assembled on a chassis and connected by wires to form a bulky package. 
Since then, there has been a revolutionary trend toward integrating electronic devices on a single tiny chip of silicon or some other semiconductive material.
	Let me briefly summarize the main issues of this topic. Much of the research in electronics is directed toward creating even smaller chips, faster switching of components, and three-dimensional integrated circuits.
The greatest application of electronics is in the field of communications.
This brings us to the next question – radio communication.
 Our country has a radio communications system that connects it with the capitals of many countries in Europe, Asia, Africa and Latin America. Radio communications is a means of contact between industrial centers. Radio is of essential importance for keeping in touch with remote points on the globe for in some cases it is the only source of contact. Television is now one of the most popular mass media. The significance of radar can hardly be overestimated. By means of radar installations, aircraft and missiles can be detected at great distance. Radiolocation makes it possible to ensure safe navigation of ships and control the flight and landing of aircraft at night and in bad weather.
	So, I can say that communication play a big role in our modern life.
xLet’s now turn to microelectronics.
Microelectronics is the technology of constructing electronic circuits and devices in extremely small packages by various techniques. Microelectronics today deals with designing, fabrication and applying of integrated circuits (IC). They may contain hundreds of thousands of transistors on a small piece of material and allow the construction of complex electronic circuits, such as those in microcomputers, audio and video equipment, and communications satellites.
Finally, I’d like to highlight one key issue - Now we cannot imagine our life without electronics because it provides the basis for countless innovations –, TVs, and computers, to name just a few. From vacuum tubes to transistors to integrated circuits, engineers have made electronics smaller, more powerful, and more efficient.
